warning: test tests/filesys/base/lg-full doesn't count for grading
warning: test tests/userprog/no-vm/multi-oom doesn't count for grading
warning: test tests/filesys/base/sm-seq-random doesn't count for grading
warning: test tests/filesys/base/lg-create doesn't count for grading
warning: test tests/filesys/base/lg-random doesn't count for grading
warning: test tests/userprog/halt doesn't count for grading
warning: test tests/filesys/base/lg-seq-random doesn't count for grading
warning: test tests/filesys/base/syn-write doesn't count for grading
warning: test tests/filesys/base/sm-full doesn't count for grading
warning: test tests/filesys/base/syn-remove doesn't count for grading
warning: test tests/filesys/base/lg-seq-block doesn't count for grading
warning: test tests/filesys/base/sm-seq-block doesn't count for grading
warning: test tests/filesys/base/sm-create doesn't count for grading
warning: test tests/filesys/base/sm-random doesn't count for grading
warning: test tests/filesys/base/syn-read doesn't count for grading
TOTAL TESTING SCORE: 100.0%
ALL TESTED PASSED -- PERFECT SCORE

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

SUMMARY BY TEST SET

Test Set                                      Pts Max  % Ttl  % Max
--------------------------------------------- --- --- ------ ------
tests/userprog/Rubric.functionality           100/100 100.0%/100.0%
--------------------------------------------- --- --- ------ ------
Total                                                 100.0%/100.0%

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

SUMMARY OF INDIVIDUAL TESTS

Functionality of system calls (tests/userprog/Rubric.functionality):
	- Test basic.
	    53/53 tests/userprog/args-none

	- Test "create" system call.
	     1/ 1 tests/userprog/create-empty
	     1/ 1 tests/userprog/create-long
	     1/ 1 tests/userprog/create-normal
	     1/ 1 tests/userprog/create-exists

	- Test "open" system call.
	     1/ 1 tests/userprog/open-missing
	     1/ 1 tests/userprog/open-normal
	     1/ 1 tests/userprog/open-twice

	- Test "read" system call.
	     1/ 1 tests/userprog/read-normal
	     1/ 1 tests/userprog/read-zero

	- Test "write" system call.
	     1/ 1 tests/userprog/write-normal
	     1/ 1 tests/userprog/write-zero

	- Test "close" system call.
	     1/ 1 tests/userprog/close-normal

	- Test "exec" system call.
	     3/ 3 tests/userprog/exec-once
	     3/ 3 tests/userprog/exec-multiple

	- Test "wait" system call.
	     3/ 3 tests/userprog/wait-simple
	     3/ 3 tests/userprog/wait-twice

	- Test "exit" system call.
	     3/ 3 tests/userprog/exit

	- Test argument passing on Pintos command line.
	     5/ 5 tests/userprog/args-single
	     5/ 5 tests/userprog/args-multiple
	     5/ 5 tests/userprog/args-many
	     5/ 5 tests/userprog/args-dbl-space

	- Section summary.
	     22/ 22 tests passed
	    100/100 points subtotal

